Ordinary net cafes just provide the machines
They don't care at all if customers are tired,
hungry, thirsty, or bored.
But in our net cafe,
not only are the computers top-spec,
but the experience is also top-tier.
What?
Free snacks when you come to surf?
And... and cola too?
Won't we lose a fortune?
This is nothing.
You don't know that in a dozen years,
a hot pot restaurant
will gain huge popularity just by focusing on service.
Many customers will be extremely satisfied.
They'll make a killing.
In a dozen years?
Brother Fan, what are you talking about?
Ah, the time doesn't matter.
What matters is we just learn the basics now.
Give away some snacks and drinks.
Once the customers are satisfied,
naturally, they'll come often.
Are you afraid we won't earn it back?
Mm.
Not only do we have snacks and drinks,
we also provide simple meal services.
Boss.
Why is your set meal so expensive?
Sixty-nine yuan.
You'll know once you order it.
Hello, brother.
This is your VIP Love Set Meal.
Boss, give me one too!
Give me one too!
Boss, I'll cover both lunch and dinner!
Besides the beautiful waitress delivery service,
for competitive customers,
we also offer professional gaming companion sets.
They're all from the Computer Science Department,
high-end talents I poached.
One-on-one, hand-in-hand to help you rank up.
We're here.
I saw you busy with the net cafe these past few days.
You were exhausted.
I didn't know how to help you.
Look.
This is a secret base I found.
Let's go.
Let's go relax a bit.
Ruochu.
Let's come here often in the future.
Mm.
We might not have the chance in the future.
Why?
A few days ago in my class,
during the Urban Planning lecture,
the teacher said
that the neighborhood nearby
is the largest old district in Yunhai.
It might all be demolished and rebuilt next year.
Not just this amusement park,
but the alleys and residential areas nearby
might all be demolished.
You mean this area is going to be demolished?
Yes.
If not for you, no one would have reminded me.
You really are my lucky star.
Oh, alright.
Our net cafe's warehouse
has been turned into an office.
Not bad, right?
Looks pretty decent.
You're here.
Busy, huh?
These past few days, our internet cafe
just from top-ups and membership fees,
we netted 32,000.
The daily net profit is no less than 8,000.
Let me show you.
This is our revenue.
Impressive, right?
Brother Fan, strike while the iron is hot.
Should we open another internet cafe?
Let's continue to grow bigger and stronger.
We can't just stick to this one street.
We have to step out.
Brother Liang,
regarding this old city district,
are you familiar with the Yunmeng Park area?
I am.
I grew up there.
There's been talk of developing it for a while,
but the latest development documents haven't come down yet.
Why? Let me check for you.
Check it out.
Okay.
It is the year 2000 now.
Real estate across the country is just taking off.
If I can really secure that piece of land,
in just a few years,
I'll be a future real estate tycoon.
It is reported that the Yanhai City People's Government
has passed the draft for rebuilding the Economic Zone.
Next year, the old district is a priority for development.
The Science and Technology Park will move in strongly.
This plot is in the city center.
Such a prime location,
I must find a way to buy it.
Get out, all of you!
Don't come bother me again!
Can holding onto this broken park put food on the table?
Look at the equipment inside,
it's all rusted and broken.
Sooner or later I'll tear it down to build offices.
You dare!
Besides, when the demolition team comes,
you won't even get half of this amount.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
What are you doing?
Who are you?
I advise you to mind your own business.
Is bullying an old man considered "none of my business"?
If you want to talk business, talk properly.
What's the point of using force?
I have nothing to discuss with this person.
You're also here to buy the land, right?
Just you?
Look at your clothes.
You can't even scrape together the deposit, can you?
Whether I can afford it is none of your business.
I say, you people from Long's Real Estate,
is this how you do business?
If you use force again,
I'm calling the police.
Just you wait.
Young man, thank you.
It was the right thing to do.
Come in and have a cup of tea.
Sir.
To be honest,
I came here today
because I also want to talk to you about the park.
You also want to buy this amusement park?
Yes.
But I'm different from that guy just now.
If you are willing to sell,
you set the price.
I definitely won't lowball you.
I won't flatten it to build office buildings either.
Instead, I want to restore and rebuild it.
Build some attractions that young people love.
Really?
Yes.
Here.
Pour it yourself.
Hey.
Dad.
My daughter is back.
Chen Fan.
Sister Tang.
Meiyun.
This young man...
...is the one who helped us drive away...
...that hooligan manager from Long Real Estate.
You two are...
This is my dad.
Oh my.
Didn't I hear that people from Long's came to cause trouble...
...and injured my dad?
I came to bring my dad some medicine.
Oh, my precious daughter is the best.
She still knows how to care for her dad.
I heard it all from my dad.
That day, it was all thanks to you.
It's not easy for the old gentleman.
Anyone who saw that would have helped.
Dad, take good care of them.
Okay.
Chen Fan, come here.
Here, have some water.
Have some tea, have some tea.
How come I heard...
...that you're interested in this amusement park now?
Why? Isn't the internet cafe keeping you busy enough?
The internet cafe's traffic is stable.
No need to worry about it.
I am indeed somewhat interested in this amusement park.
But if the old gentleman isn't willing to sell...
...I won't force it.
About the internet cafe transfer last time...
...it was all thanks to you.
If you hadn't taken over and given me funds to keep going...
...I might still not have recovered by now.
How about I handle the amusement park matter?
The old man listens to me the most.
I'll go persuade him.
Oh, thank you so much, Sister Tang.
This is the contract.
And this is the property deed for this land.
Take a look.
No need, Sister Tang.
I trust you guys.
Is the price okay?
Your offer is already much higher than market price.
We can't thank you enough.
The old gentleman worked hard to maintain it all these years.
It's only right that he earns a bit more.
Then let's sign.
Okay.
The formalities are all complete now.
Tomorrow I'll have the lawyer...
Sister Tang.
Yeah?
I have one more thing.
Do you have any other conditions?
It's not a condition.
It's a request.
What is it?
We've been walking for so long and still haven't arrived.
Three.
Two.
One.
Open your eyes.
Oh my god, it's so beautiful.
Do you like it?
I love it.
So this is the surprise you said you prepared for me.
No matter what you want in the future...
...or what you want to do...
...I will make it happen for you.
From today on...
...not only will the Ferris wheel light up for you...
...every step I take from now on...
...is so I can stay by your side steadily...
...to fulfill every wish you've spoken...
...and unspoken...
...every single one.
Hello, Mr. Zhang.
Right now?
Okay, I'll be right there.
What's wrong?
Mr. Zhang wants me back at school now.
To discuss the group project.
I'll take you back.
Can I still come over in the future?
Of course.
I'll do anything my wifey asks.
Smooth talker.
Let's go.
Mr. Zhou.
Yunhai is much more developed than Luocheng.
And there are more college students.
There must be plenty of
young people interested in computers.
You should ask Chen Fan
about just moving the computer school there.
Who was that just now?
Why didn't you answer?
Oh, it's nothing.
The signal is bad.
I'll call him back in a bit.
Go on.
Brother Fan, I still don't get it.
Why did you spend a fortune
to open a shabby amusement park in the old district?
This lousy signal.
Hey.
I've been looking all over for you.
And here you are drinking.